Update quantifiers-in-regular-expressions.md (#19918)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/base-types/quantifiers-in-regular-expressions.md

### Match Zero or More Times: *  
 The `*` quantifier matches the preceding element zero or more times. It is equivalent to the `{0,}` quantifier. `*` is a greedy quantifier whose lazy equivalent is `*?`.  
  

>  The following example illustrates this regular expression. Of the nine decimal integers in the input string, five match the pattern and four (`95`, `929`, `9219`, and `9919`) do not.  

Reviewer: Per the discussion in the original issue, we settled on **digit groups**.

```suggestion
 The following example illustrates this regular expression. Of the nine digit groups in the input string, five match the pattern and four (`95`, `929`, `9219`, and `9919`) do not.  
```
